#   Copyright
#
#   Copyright (C) 2016 Julius Salonen <julius.salonen@cs.tamk.fi>
#
#   License
#
#       This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
#       it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
#       the Free Software Foundation; either version 3 of the License, or
#       (at your option) any later version.
#
#       This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
#       but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
#       MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
#       GNU General Public License for more details.
#
#       You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
#       along with this program. If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
#
#   Description
#
#   To learn what TOP LEVEL sections to use in manual page,
#   see POSIX/Susv standard about "Utility Description Defaults" at
#   http://www.opengroup.org/onlinepubs/009695399/utilities/xcu_chap01.html#tag_01_11
#
#   This manual page is in Perl POD format. Read more at
#   http://perldoc.perl.org/perlpod.html or run command:
#
#       perldoc perlpod
#
#   To check the syntax:
#
#       podchecker *.pod
#
#   To create manual:
#
#       pod2man PROGRAM.N.pod > PROGRAM.N
#
#   To read generated manual page with man(1) command:
#
#       man -l man1/PROGRAM.N

=pod

=head1 NAME

program.sh

=head1 SYNOPSIS

program.sh [--help] [--verbose] [--tmpdir DIR] TargetDIR

=head1 DESCRIPTION

Backup Reporting Utility to assist systems administrators

Copyright (C) 2016 Julius Salonen

Last modified on 7.3.2016

This utility is meant to report on disk usage by various backup and temporary
files. It takes the directory set in arguments and produces a list of found
files, sorted list of counted files and a disk usage report of the counted
files.

Currently reporting on following filetypes:

      *~      A backup file from editor
      *#      A temporary file from editor
      *.bak   A backup file
      *.bup   A backup file
      *.rej   A rejected file

The reports are placed in TMPDIR, which is either from the environment var
TMPDIR, or provided by the user with --tmpdir DIR option.

Files generated:

    PID.files-list.lst      - ls -l List of all scanned files.
    PID.files-sorted.lst    - Sorted list of all backup files.
    PID.files-summary.lst   - Summary disk usage report on backup files.

See AUTHORS, COPYING and INSTALL for more information.

=head1 OPTIONS

=over 4

=item B<-h / --help>

Display short help text.

=item B<--verbose>

Enable verbose mode - prints more information on the program as it runs.

=item B<--tmpdir>

Set temporary directory to something else. All file reports are placed in
this location.

=back

=head1 EXAMPLES

program.sh ~/
    The most barebones version. Outputs files into default location and
    scans the whole home directory.

program.sh --verbose --tmpdir ~/tmp ~/backupdir
    Scans the directory ~/backupdir and outputs files into ~/tmp.

=head1 ENVIRONMENT

None.

=head1 FILES

None.

=head1 AVAILABILITY

Updates to the script will be available at project github repository:
    https://github.com/fippefi/Backup-Reporting-Utility-program.sh

=head1 SEE ALSO

page(1)

=head1 AUTHORS

Program was written by <julius.salonen@cs.tamk.fi>

Released under license GNU GPL version 3 or (at your option) any later
version. For more information about license, visit
<http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/gpl.html>.

=cut
